Add article about gamescom latam 2024 (#873)
godotengine/godot-website: collections/_article/gamescom-latam-2024.md

---

> title: "Godot at gamescom latam 2024"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Godot returns: gamescom latam"
```

> excerpt: "Godot is having a booth at the first gamescom latam!"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: "Godot will be present at gamescom latam once again: meet contributors and fellow gamedevs at the booth, or sign up to our very own party! "
```

> excerpt: "The last dev snapshot for 4.3 before feature freeze is a big one after 6 weeks of work!"

Reviewer 2: Presumably you'll be changing this!

Author: Oops!

categories: ["events"]
author: George Marques
date: 2024-06-21 13:00:00
image: /storage/blog/covers/gamescom-latam-2024.webp
image_caption_title: "gamescom latam 2024 venue"
image_caption_description: "Photo of the São Paulo Expo, where the event will take place."
---

> Last year Godot had a [booth at the BIG Festival](https://godotengine.org/article/godot-at-big-festival-2023/) and it was a great success. This year the event is rebranded as [gamescom latam](https://latam.gamescom.global/) and once again we'll have a presence there. It will take place between **June 26th and June 30th**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Last year Godot had a [booth at the BIG Festival](https://godotengine.org/article/godot-at-big-festival-2023/) and it was a great success. This year the event has rebranded as [gamescom latam](https://latam.gamescom.global/) and once again we secured ourselves a booth. It will take place between **June 26th and June 30th** - make sure to come by if you are attending! We have stickers and pins waiting for you.
```

![Photo from the booth last year](/storage/blog/gamescom-latam-2024/booth-2023.webp)

> The BIG Festival was already a great place for game developers of all types and budgets, being the biggest event of this kind in Latin America, and now carrying the internationally recognizable name of gamescom definitely means that it's getting bigger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The BIG Festival was already the biggest event for game developers in Latin America and therefore a must to attend; with it now carrying the internationally recognizable name of gamescom one can only imagine how much it will continue to grow.
```

> The BIG Festival was already a great place for game developers of all types and budgets, being the biggest even of this kind in Latin America, and now carrying the internationally recognizable name of gamescom definitely means that it's getting bigger.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The BIG Festival was already a great place for game developers of all types and budgets, being the biggest event of this kind in Latin America, and now carrying the internationally recognizable name of gamescom definitely means that it's getting bigger.
```

Author: Thanks!

> The event includes a good amount of booths, with games to play and people to meet. It also includes many talks in all areas of game development, all included with the ticket. Not to mention the business area where one can schedule meetings with other companies to negotiate deals or create connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The event features a good amount of booths, with plenty of games to play and many people to meet. It also includes many talks in all areas of game development, all covered by the standard ticket. Not to mention the business area where one can schedule meetings with other companies to negotiate deals or form lasting connections.
```

> The Godot booth is sponsored by a joint effort of [W4 Games](https://w4games.com/), [anitya](https://www.anitya.space/), and [Vertex Ludi](https://www.vertexludi.com/). It is a great place to meet the community and show that we are here to stay. We expect to have the place busy like last year and teeming with interesting conversations. You can also get some swag like pins and stickers. We'll also have a short talk titled ["**Godot and Its Emerging Ecosystem**"](https://b2b.latam.gamescom.global/talks/13/965), which will take place on **June 27** at **10:00** (local time) on the **Quest 2 stage.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Godot booth is sponsored by a joint effort of [W4 Games](https://w4games.com/), [anitya](https://www.anitya.space/), and [Vertex Ludi](https://www.vertexludi.com/). It is a great place to meet the community and proof that we are here to stay. Looking at last year, we expect to have busy booth teeming with interesting conversations, as well as some merchandise to take home with you. A short talk titled ["**Godot and Its Emerging Ecosystem**"](https://b2b.latam.gamescom.global/talks/13/965) is also on the program, which will take place on **June 27** at **10:00** (local time) on the **Quest 2 stage.**
```

Reviewer 2: Did you mean "prove"?

Author: I believe it means "the booth is a proof that..."

Reviewer 2: Oh yeah, you're right, sorry.

![Render of this years booth](/storage/blog/gamescom-latam-2024/booth-render-2024.webp)

> Not only that, we'll also host a gathering for the Godot community with space for about 100 people. The idea is to meet on a more casual place and gather people interested in the engine so we can chat and get to know each other. This side event will take place on **June 27th** starting from **19:30** (local time). If you want to attend please register by following this [link](https://partiful.com/e/pOorzSXfk63wWfSssG3Z).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If that is not enough, thanks to our sponsors we will be hosting a Godot community gathering for about 100 people. The idea is to meet on a more casual level and get to know the local community better. Networking with likeminded game developers is key! This party is scheduled for the **June 27th** starting from **19:30** (local time). Make sure to register [here!](https://partiful.com/e/pOorzSXfk63wWfSssG3Z).
```

> Unfortunately, due to travel logistics, most of the prominent Godot figures won't be there. But we'll have a few contributors like [myself](https://github.com/vnen) and [Michael (Yeldham)](https://github.com/YeldhamDev) at the booth and the side event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While many team members are unfortunately unable to attend due to travel logistics, we made sure to send local correspondents like [myself](https://github.com/vnen) and [Michael (Yeldham)](https://github.com/YeldhamDev) to this important event for the Latin American community regardless, to ensure Godot stays represented where it once started.
```

> We hope to have a great event this year and get more in touch with the LATAM community. See you there!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Staying in touch with the LATAM community is exciting, so we cannot wait for this event to come around. Will we meet you there?
```
